what have we here
good morn barky for our key are you in
your hammock that used to be a hanging
flower pot and I couldn't keep him out
of it so I just put a pad in there for
him and that's just hammock gets up
there and swings and sleep since it has
a good time I thought this might be of
interest it is to me maybe some y'all
for some time now I'll start at the
beginning for some time now I've been
wanting to get rid of this ugly
structure that I have up here which
serves as an entrance to my yard and
holds the little gates that I built from
the metal bedsteads and I want to do
something different there and better and
prettier and more substantial and just
generally more aesthetically pleasing I
guess we'd say so of course that's all
in the eyes of the beholder isn't it
anyway my neighbor my good neighbor Jack
I'll tell you what that guy he gave me
that car a few years ago cuz you just
want to see it run he's always doing
something for me I can't tell you just
can't outgive the guy his heart's bigger
than he is and he ain't no small feller
but I mentioned something about I was
thinking about getting some culvert
making some pillars he goes oh no you
know what that is too shiny you know I
wouldn't fit in with what you got here
and he's right you know this is a rustic
place and and it needs some rustic
architecture so my intention is to build
a rock base and put a couple of these
columns upright and something on top
some kind of metal sculpture or whatever
and I've got roses planted on either
side to climb up over it
and they're already in the ground so
I've been thinking about this for a
while but he told me he had this old
irrigation pipe and back in the I
suppose 30s and I know in the 40s they
used a lot of wooden pipe and you know
there must have boat I'd love to know
the history on the factory and see
pictures and stuff before they built
this stuff because these these staves
are planed
on each side at an angle so that when
you fit them side to side they form a
circle they form like a like a wooden
barrel wood and then they're wrapped
with that wire and then on each end the
wire is wrapped several times you can
see here and then they're held in that's
that's nailed down by a staple which you
can see right there and this one has
come loose to staple had come loose but
the deal was these orchards and had to
have water and they'd run water from the
mountains and the streams and build
boxes or Weir's whatever they're called
and then divert water into these pipes
run the pipelines down to form an
irrigation system and orchards would
take water out of the system along the
way with the spill water going back into
the creeks down here that goes down this
may the main canyon down there so they
were the district was replacing some of
this old pipe and putting in you know
new PVC suppose--and and they were gonna
throw this away and Jack he's like me
he's kind of a kind of a hoarder so he
got this stuff and and I told him I was
gonna do it he said I got just the thing
for you and he sure did because these
are eight inch they're perfect I don't
know if I'm gonna use two on each side
it may have may be a bit much but I've
got plans for these and
been soaking them all night long and
they've already swollen up the thing was
as long as you had water in that pipe it
wouldn't leak because that cedar would
swell up and make a tight seal and
that's my that's my story for today and
I'm sticking to it
so I guess that's about all anyway I
have plans I have things in my head
there's things going on in my mind I
might put a couple of pillars up in
front here and build a little I don't
know a little walkthrough little pergola
whatever but yeah gonna be things
happening see ya thanks bye